[canary-release]: 2.0.0-canary.1 - Data Table documentation (#3)
mi6/canary-ic-ui-kit: packages/react/src/stories/ic-data-table.stories.mdx

const columns: IcUnstableDataTableColumnObject[] = [
  {
    key: "firstName",
    title: "First name",
    dataType: "string",
  },
  ...
];

// Copy data array for 'basic' example
const data = [
  {
    firstName: "Joe",
    lastName: "Bloggs",
    age: 30,
    jobTitle: "Developer",
    address: "1 Main Street, Town, County, Postcode",
  },
  ...
];

const DataTable = () => (
  <IcUnstableDataTable
    caption="Pagination"
    columns={columns}
    data={data}
    showPagination
    paginationOptions={{
      itemsPerPage: [
        { label: "5", value: "5" },
        { label: "10", value: "10" },
        { label: "15", value: "15" },
      ],
      itemsPerPageControl: true,
      goToPageControl: true,
    }}
  />
);

export default DataTable;
```

### Column overrides

There may be a requirement to style a column differently to the rest of the data to add emphasis. For example, centre align data within the 'first name' column. To do this, add `columnAlignment` to the column. `columnAlignment` takes an object which sets the `horizontal` and `vertical` property.

- `horizontal` accepts `left`, `right` or `center`.
- `vertical` accepts `top`, `middle`, `bottom`.

> `emphasis` can be added to the column by setting `high` or `low`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`emphasis` can be added to the column by setting `high` or `low`.
```

<Canvas withSource="none">
  <Story name="Column Overrides">
    <IcUnstableDataTable
      caption="Column Overrides"
      columns={COLS_ALIGNMENT}
      data={DATA}
    />
  </Story>
</Canvas>

#### Column overrides code example

```jsx
import * as React from "react";
import { IcUnstableDataTable } from "@ukic/react";
import { IcUnstableDataTableColumnObject } from "@ukic/web-components";

const columns: IcUnstableDataTableColumnObject[] = [
  {
    key: "firstName",
    title: "First name",
    dataType: "string",
    columnAlignment: { horizontal: 'center', vertical: 'middle'},
    emphasis: 'high'
  },
  ...
];

// Copy data array for 'basic' example
const data = [
  {
    firstName: "Joe",
    lastName: "Bloggs",
    age: 30,
    jobTitle: "Developer",
    address: "1 Main Street, Town, County, Postcode",
  },
  ...
];

const DataTable = () => (
  <IcUnstableDataTable
    caption="Column overrides"
    columns={columns}
    data={data}
  />
);

export default DataTable;
```

### Row Overrides

> Row overrides allow styling to be applied at a row level and is set within the `header` object. The row overrides are used inconjunction with row headers. The following row overrides options apply:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Row overrides allow styling to be applied at a row level and is set within the `header` object. The row overrides are used in conjunction with row headers. The following row overrides options apply:
```
